Hamas even theoretically even
consumption they they are against
negotiations they're against talking
they're against peace they are for
Terror we have nothing against the
people but none of us neither the
Palestinians nor us can live with
Terror look we left Gaza willingly
unilaterally we took out the 22
settlements we have there the 8,000
settlers by
force we handed over to the Palestinians
a free open
Gaza which is a beautiful strip of a of
a beautiful beach they could have
developed it for
tourism for fishing for
agriculture we don't understand
frankly why are they fighting what are
they shooting what are the reasons we
left what is the purpose they want to be
free they are free there are people
critics of the present government who
say that their voices are being drowned
out and that they're not being heard and
that Israel is in danger of losing its
democratic tradition is that a fair
comment I was for the
unal withdrawal from
Gaza actually supported Shan that was
the least expected person to do so he
made a very tough decision and I
supported him when I did it I thought my
God we're going to releve the kazian
people we offer them the best without
any conditions we didn't ask anything in
in
town and people say what if they'll
start shooting at us I says look why
should
they now I have my problem to explain
they say why did you agree to it
and the furthermore say if we shall do
it in the West Bank it may happen the
same look we have to give some answers
not only to the
terrorist but to mothers and children
around Gaza that every night they have a
rain of missiles over their heads why
what for if these talks in Egypt fail uh
these talks that are being moderated by
the Egyptians between Israel and the
Palestinian factions would you support
this government and those who want it to
go back into Gaza militarily and to
defeat finish the job against Hamas no I
don't think it will be
necessary and I think we should look for
a better solution than that we don't
want to raise the
Flames we don't want to increase the
number of victims who wants
it who wants it
and look uh it's very
symbolic that The Negotiator between now
the Hamas and US is an Arab
country and we trust the Arab country We
Trust edpt we don't have any problems
contrary to the
protesters and the one cannot say that
Egypt is particularly for Israel and
against the Palestinians it's nonsense
but Egypt is for peace and Against
Terror and this is the
question and that what we have really to
fight for and change the situation now
people say it's becoming worse I don't
know you know 50 years ago nobody here
believed that we shall ever have peace
with Egypt we
have nobody belied that we shall have
peace with Jordan before Syria we
have nobody believed that we can do
anything with arat we did so all the
pessimists have a short
memory and all The Optimist have a long
memory and a good
hope and I'm going to change it because
some articles or some demonstrators I
think I'm right not them I seek
peace I don't seek war I don't want to
to kill
anybody for me when I see a child being
killed it's a tragedy a human
tragedy but there were 400 children
killed in Gaza I mean that that's an
awful lot I mean that is why I don't
know how many suppose but
why because they use them as a shield
the journalist we there saw
it tell me what Would You Do You See
with a child on a teras and somebody
shoot at
you and other men who shoot El has a
child on on his lab what would you
do you cannot simplify
it it's not our preference it's not our
choice but that has been one of the
reasons you mentioned I only ask because
you mentioned the the protests in London
and in Paris that has been one of the
reasons why these protests were so big
this time do you think Israel has been
stung by the level of criticism of its
of its my criticism about them I never
heard him tellas to stop
shooting then they supposed to start the
demonstration why were they
quiet when they saw that Rockets are
flying over the houses of
aots that is really totally devoted this
I didn't hear their voice maybe if they
would raise then their voice we wouldn't
have now to see this uh confrontation
again